hello guys we sent to 1000 here i'm
doing an unboxing on my new puter
monitor that I just got um let me just
tell you that it may not be that good
because I just ordered a new tripod and
I already didn't we come back who did
you learn new tripod you ordered a try
hi it's not new one you never had tripod
I used to have tripod broke though but
um this is the front it's the acer 27 to
monitor really nice it's got ultra time
ecover full HD 1080 you know usual LED
it's got LEDs markers ferry so you can't
poison yourself exactly that's good to
know that we won't die so let's get this
bad boy opened up occasion ya got the
tape how retarded ascent to get this
open like a cake I cut tape a certain
way that's how you cut ok so what's the
monitor pod will be used to tell you my
new computer for Christmas which i will
unbox so I well I'm gain motive you have
hdmi cables hdmi cable there's one see i
come to the hdmi so you can hook it up
to your HD enabled computer you got ok
DVI or vga one of these one of those is
GD I rbtv God and this is the other one
more you're not saying hey there one is
Ed I want to see how our cable I think
this is vga and this
DD all right here's the power brick hi
then let's get to the star all right so
you got boom boom boom and here's your
computer my monitor let's put that to
the side put that right here to feel
your thumb yeah wow you hold that
doesn't matter we paid a good um two
hundred seventy bucks for it so it's not
cheap all right here's the stand and I
always love doing this and love pulling
the plastic off it's the best part of a
box or plastic that's not you don't want
one with the person I like opening the
main thing i know because i think that's
the thing right here is to stand watch
technobuffalo he looks impressive and
here our instruction manuals and an
installation CD might encounter on the
accent you're probably in daytime so my
report I don't know this is good I guess
I guess hey take me things like to stand
its neck sustained on his part of the
standard okay all right taking your
favorite part plastic is coming off
there we go so there is nothing else in
the box i don't think shouldn't be so
let's put the Box the box set and she's
part of the stand which pinups right
here somehow go through that my time you
can't say I wasn't trying to do right
now yeah I probably die hard edges do
monitor just take the monitor it out d
monitor team on the pocket enter
dude no no no seriously monitor itself
in my hands not damaged yeah yeah it
seemed to really lose him about full HD
full high definition yes it is more fun
there's just a sheet of all in it of all
what it has you got plastic and crap
just gonna take that off do I fit for
this yeah baby alright here it is wait
let's let's read this on to them so this
has on it has a million adaptive
contrast management which is really good
no business more first occur here um yes
um it's very very thin so if you like
thin monitors this is for you um it's it
saves up to sixty percent of power
obviously that's not something really
test but and it's um and it's a LED and
it's mercury for you so again you can a
poison yourself 100 they don't beat it
that's the not safe here it is the asus
monitor is they go to the port niggas
gonna do this part okay stop I know this
part but I promised him apart in the
video yeah Oh yourself so if I'm correct
what we have here is this is the jacket
look at the counter you think safe um
can't know all right I'll pull it down
so I can oh wow he is 40 I found this
hat right um like literally alright so
what you're looking at is that's that's
not all right this port right here is
the power cable that's where the power
cable will go this if I correct is like
a speaker jack or some sound or Wi-Fi
I'm probably wrong on that so you can
post Corrections this is an hdmi port
this is your DVI port and this is your
VGA port it says d cell
vga nice drop that looks like a
Kensington lock so that's that what that
is and I'm that so you actually have a
wide variety of ways to connect things
to your monitor so you can connect them
through high-definition multimedia
interface which we obviously came with a
cable for all of these you can connect
it from the DVI or you can connect it
through the BDA alright so there's your
ports to go to the screen illness over
the screen I'm a test this eventually
hold it up they can't say it all right
here is my friends place evidence
monitor it's actually much lighter than
I thought it would be it's not that
heavy um so here it is guys thank you
for watching Congress subscribe dislike
know a contest is going to find you in
December as between me and next show
yourself my friends head right there on
Christmas Day or the dancer Christmas
whatever we will be posting the
unboxings of to mind his gaming gaming
cyberpowerpc black pearls with different
cases different every well not
everything with different cases
different things so what I want what I
want all my youtube viewers to do I want
you guys to post that day when they come
or any other day it's going to be going
for two weeks a contest of who did do
boxing better either myself or neck two
weeks only is this continent going north
for whoever wins doesn't get a prize but
we get bragging rights sure and we get
the support of all our YouTube pins
thanks for watching over the contest
going on in December Christmas Day so um
thank you guys for watching the monitor
will be in place than me when you
monitor for my new computer just got it
a little bit for next stop that dang by
for watching goodbye turn off the
computer or my phone